Thank you for purchasing my Medieval Scroll GUI MenU System!  I really hope it helps you create something amazing. If you have any questions, 
or need any help, please email me: mr.patrick.ball@gmail.com  ...I'd also love to see your creation using my asset! let me know!

HOW IT WORKS
 This asset combines an ANIMATED 3D SCROLL (animated in mecanim) with a masked, sliding Unity UI menu system (animated in script). 
 the 'ScrollScript' with all of the variables and gameobject assignments is on the ScrollObject_WithScript object in the prefab.
 Please do have a look. the code is commented out and organized for easy understanding and expansion.

TO USE: 
just drag the HUDcam object into your scene. place it somewhere far enough away from your scenery that it wont interfere with anything

TO CUSTOMIZE: 
drag the prefabs (in the 3dscrolls or 2dscrolls folder) into the hierarchy as a child of the HUDcam object. 
to resize the 3d scrolls, resize the model and the canvas siblings seperately to avoid the UI stretching
to move the position of the open 3d scroll on screen, move the parent object (i.e., the 'ScrollObjectAndCanvas_Tall')
because the position of the ScrollObject relative to its parent is handled by the animator
 Beyond that, just arrange and program your UI in the usual way. the UI objects are organized into panels on a sliding backdrop. 
 You may have to adjust the position of the sliding backdrop to see the Panel you are working on. Use the existing settings as a guide.

IF THE BUTTONS DON'T WORK:
Make sure the canvas component in the canvas object in question has the HUDcam assigned to the world cam (or rendering cam) variable. 
should happen automatically, but... you know.
Also make sure there is exactly one EventSystem somewhere in your scene. One is attached to the HUDcam object by default.

ATTRIBUTIONS:
Images titled with 'CC0 are tagged as being released under the Creative Commons 0 licence, making them free for comercial use and modification.
all other images were created or modified by me.
The fonts are released under the SIL Open Font Licence, included in the folder with the fonts.
Audio was recored in my home studio (cardboard box with blanket inside and decent USB mic), for this asset.
Mastered using Audacity to be free of clipping or noise, and imported in .ogg format. 
Just simple paper-sliding sounds - please use for whatever you like. No attribution required.

Thank you again for trying my asset!
-Patrick